{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f21\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f22\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f24\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f25\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f26\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f27\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f28\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f30\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}
{\f31\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f32\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid 
\sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}{\s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs18 \sbasedon0 \snext16 Body Text;}}{\info{\title Welcome to Check2Check}{\author Ed Kaprocki}{\operator Ed Kaprocki}{\creatim\yr2000\mo7\dy4\min4}
{\revtim\yr2001\mo1\dy5\hr22\min12}{\version6}{\edmins7}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords259}{\nofchars1481}{\*\company QuickSoft, Inc.}{\nofcharsws0}{\vern71}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\formshade\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s1\keepn\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1 {Welcome to Check2Check

\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\b\f1\fs17\cgrid0 
\par }{\f1\fs17\cgrid0 The install wizard will help install Check2Check on your computer.   
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s16\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f1\fs18 {\fs17 Thank you for trying Check2Check. This unique budget and checking program allows you to 
be in control of your finances by letting you plan your future spending. There are many excellent checking programs on the market but none will show you as quickly and easily as Check2Check where your money is going. The ability to try \ldblquote what-if
\rdblquote  scenarios is key to any program that is used for budget planning and Check2Check does this superbly. You\rquote 
ll be able to enter your income and expenses months ahead of time and even put in future expenses such as car insurance, vacations, etc. and Check2Check will show you if you\rquote ll be able to meet your future financial obligations.
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\fs17\cgrid0 
\par }{\b\f1\fs17\cgrid0 To continue the installation, click Next.}{\b\f1\fs17 
\par }\pard\plain \s15\nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \f2\fs20\cgrid {\f1\fs17 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs17 1. Unregistered / Registered Version
\par }{\f1\fs17 Check2Check is released as an unregistered version which means that it will operate with full features for 
30 days at which time you must register it if you continue to use it. Certain functions are disabled after the 30 day trial period but if the program is registered they will automatically be re-enabled. To register Check2Check first bring up the program a
nd then click the \ldblquote Help | Buy Now\rdblquote  menu item and you can then click on the \ldblquote Buy Now\rdblquote 
 button which will take you to our online order web page. Once registered you will be given a registration code to enter in the appropriate box on the registration dialog form.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs17 2. Installation
\par }{\f1\fs17 Installation is simple with only a single installation file. You can run this file by double clicking on it and following the instructions. All files that are extracted during the installation process except for the main install file 
will be deleted to ensure your computer doesn't get cluttered up. 
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs17 3. Uninstallation
\par }{\f1\fs17 To uninstall Check2Check bring up the Control Panel and double click Add/Remove Program. Select Check2Check and click Add/Remove and all files associated with this application will be removed.
\par 
\par 
\par }{\b\f1\fs24 Thank you for choosing "Check2Check".
\par 
\par QuickSoft, Inc.
\par }{\f1\fs18 
\par Copyright \'a9 2001, Quicksoft, Inc.
\par }\pard\plain \nowidctlpar\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\f1\fs18 
\par }}